Add support for automatic permission registration with Django models (#99)
dfunckt/django-rules: README.rst

    False

> Tieing permissions to models

Reviewer: I would use "Permissions in models" as the heading, to be somewhat consistent with the other headings in this section.

Author: Hmm, how about change all headings like "Permissions in models"? I find it a little confusing to read "Rules and permissions", because this is all about the permissions part of `rules` only, and not the more generic rules.

Author: Just did it and think it looks good, but we can of course do it the other way if you prefer.

Reviewer: No, that's fine -- I didn't realise we only discuss permissions in these sections, except the templates (which was done first and works with rules, not only permissions) and it's where I probably copied the section titles from.

Author: Ok, "Permissions and rules in templates" now is the only heading including "rules".

----------------------------

**NOTE:** The features described in this section work on Python 3+ only.

It is common to have a set of permissions for a model, like what Django offers with

> its default model permissions. With ``rules`` as the permission checking backend,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its default *add*, *change* and *delete* model permissions. When using ``rules`` as a permission backend,
```
